Good niece, just your little stock
I also want to be the chairperson of the night market group
Are you dreaming?
Can he be
I'll know later
Good stuff, don't think it's amazing if you can play
This is the world of capital.
Your fists don't work here
Simple minded
A well-developed fool
I'm going out to breakfast
Lao Tzu is the second in the night market group
There is still a lot of knowledge behind it
Unless the old man suddenly jumps
Otherwise, Lao Tzu's chairperson position is like Mount Tai
Do you hear me?
Directors, come in
Why did you come to Haicheng?
Ye Yao
What do you want?
Directors
Now see Ye Bingtao clearly
Ye Bingtao
You want to become the chairperson
Kidnapping the family members of directors who don't support you
To threaten us with your vote
Now the board of directors has unanimously decided
The last election was invalid
Chengquan Chairperson
How dare you play with me
But
What is the two steps of the creek?
Even if blocked
Lao Tzu is still the duty
I still support Mr. Ye as
Mr. Wang, why do you support him?